So Joo is that the bottom of the totem pole when it comes to the officer
corps? Interestingly enough, without a strong junior officer corps,
you will have a problem in any command you're in. But that doesn't
mean the junior officers have the full perspective on why we're doing
what we're doing headed any one particular time. A good example
of this is the deployments of the aircraft carrier out in Japan. That's
where I was. When you think about flying or deploying in general,
do you think about doing things and you don't? And when you first
get in the Navy as a junior officer, you're thinking probably along
those same lines, very romanticized view of what you're going to be
doing in the Navy. But then taking the Jap, the carrier that's based
in Japan, as an example. When they deploy, they typically do the exact
same things every year, specific locations and the point of them
being there is just to be there, to dissuade any of any potential adversaries,
from doing anything that leads to the folks on that carrier,
doing things that air very run of the mill that could be very routine
and in a very, very boring. The strategic importance of the carrier
is perhaps not seen by the junior officer, just like it's probably
not seen by the enlisted. Now it can be gleaned, and I think he'd
be gleaned fairly easily by both of those cruise. But as a general
rule, that junior officer doesn't have much more inside a STO. What's
exactly happening, as has perhaps here listed on your listed court
would either.